One more goal.
We score this. we win!
Defend! We stop this. we win!
This is our last chance.
I can see it. I can feel it.
The ones on the move...
are me and these three!
This line of three smells like a goal.
With my eyes and powers of foresight.
I will lead us to the goal!
This counter will be the last play!
If they take the ball. it's game over!
I won't let them get it. even if it kills me!
Go. Bachira!
Slice through their lines
with your uninhibited dribbling!
They'll try to stop us
even if it means fouling.
Bachira. over here!
We won't let the ball stop moving.
We'll just find another route.
I can see it.
Outrun 'em all with
those legs of yours. Chigiri!
We need more people!
So they're wary of me. huh?
Chigiri!
You always take up good positions.
Let's cut through them! You and me!
Prevent the one-two!
He's going down the middle?
Did he use me as bait
and carry on by himself?
Just how I imagined it.
This'll work. I can control the field.
I'm going to score. no matter what!
My body just reacted back then.
It wasn't because I wanted to help you guys.
I felt like there was
something more important...
than just doing nothing and winning.
Isn't that enough?
Kuon. you're overbearing.
Are you watching this.
the old me from those days?
The soccer you believed in back then...
It's right here.
Go!
Two more defenders.
Kunigami and I will crush them!
If we can get past them.
it's just the goalie left!
Zantetsu?!
He's faster than I anticipated!
No mid-range shot for you!
All right! It came off Kunigami last!
If the ball goes out. we're done!
Crap!
Raichi?!
That guy? How much stamina does he have?
I told you to score. didn't I?!
I'll kill you!
Go. you idiot!
Bachira!
Come on!
Pass it to me!
Watch out down the middle!
Don't let him shoot! Snap him!
I can see it.
Chigiri and Kunigami's routes...
Those defenders will go to block them off.
The far side...
Left of goal. 19 meters out.
That's the territory
that'll make my goal possible!
Come on. Bachira!
I know you can see it. too!
I'll mark their Number 9!
Feel what I'm feeling!
I trust you. Isagi.
I'm betting on you
to score with this last shot.
Perfect. Bachira.
All I need to do is
control it and fire it home.
I can do this!
I will...
We will...
We meet often. don't we?
That goal chance I could
smell disappeared?!
What's this monster doing here?
Right now. you're the most
dangerous person on this field.
What do I do?
I need to make a decision!
I can get to where it'll drop
one second before him.
I can touch the ball first.
Which means how I control
this ball will decide everything!
He cut inside?
If I slow down. he'll circle
around and block the shot.
Taking it down normally won't work.
I have to pull off some supreme ball control
that'll allow me to shoot while at top speed!
Can I even do something like that?
If it goes wrong.
it's game over for all of us!
It's no good.
I can't conjure an image of the goal.
I can see the future of this field...
But it's not a future where we win!
You can't beat me.
Shut up!
Over here. Isagi!
Pass it to me!
No!
I want to...
I want to win with my goal!
My goal?
That's right. Isagi.
Remember.
Remember your goal.
I see. Now I can see it.
You're so inefficient.
My mind got caught up in
how to control the ball.
The time spent taking the ball down
made my future self a nobody.
That won't do!
That's always been the case.
I have no speed. no power. no technique.
But the reason I'm here at Blue Lock...
Spatial Awareness
Weapon
Skills
Spatial Awareness
Weapon
Skills
Spatial Awareness
and the final piece for my goal is...
Weapon
Spatial Awareness
Skills
Weapon
Spatial Awareness
something that gives no one time
to catch up to the future I'm in...
My direct shot!
This is my formula for goals.
This is the moment Isagi Yoichi awakens!
Team Z
BL Ranking
th
Episode 11
The Final Piece
Yeah!
Nicely done!
You can't be serious.
Damn it!
I... lost?
We...
Reo!
We still have time.
Nagi. you...
If we score two more goals. we can still...
Full time.
Team Z wins. 5-4.
Hey. Reo.
This is how it feels to lose
after a serious fight. isn't it?
It's hard to stomach.
All right!
Yeah!
Those guys...
They really did it.
Hey. Kuon.
What are you doing? Come join us.
Huh? No. I...
Why not? We won.
So...
Don't go forgivin' him so easily.
ya wannabe hero.
He's still a traitor.
and I ain't lettin' him off the hook.
But y'know...
If ya hadn't flattened Nagi.
we wouldn't have won.
So yeah...
C'mere. traitor.
I'm gonna hate ya for the rest of my life!
That's for betraying us. and we're even now.
Y'hear. ya piece of trash?!
You with me. guys?!
Yeah!
Woo!
Man. talk about self-centered.
Come on. Let's head back.
Right.
All of Building 5's matches
have been completed.
We will now announce the
results of the first selection.
The results of the five-team
round robin are as follows:
In first place: Team V.
Eleven players progress.
Points
Goal\h\h\h\h
Difference
Points
Goal\h\h\h\h
Difference
Points
Goal\h\h\h\h
Difference
In second place: Team Z.
Eleven players progress.
And the top scorers of the disqualified
teams. Three players progress.
Wanima Junichi
Niko Ikki
Barou Shouei
These 25 players advance to
Building 5's second Blue Lock selection.
Yeah!
We all survived!
Yum!
Hey! You're nibbling
at the food again. Naruhaya.
Take that!
Stop messing around and help us get
things ready for the celebration party!
Here it comes!
Yeah. you guys.
You're eating early. too.
Can someone grab some
drinks from the cafeteria?
Okay!
Let's go. Bachira.
Think this is enough?
It should be plenty.
Oh. yeah.
Thanks for that last pass. Bachira.
I couldn't have done it without you.
What are you talking about?
I'm not the one who did something awesome.
Huh?
I know you. Isagi.
You learned something. didn't you?
Yeah.
I think I finally understand what
my weapon is and where my talents lie.
Even if I predict a situation
using my spatial awareness.
that advantage gets canceled out
if I control the ball before shooting.
So I thought back to my other goals.
Positioning Through Spatial Awareness
That's when I realized all of
my goals have been direct shots.
Direct Shots
Isagi Yoichi's Formula for Goals
Positioning Through Spatial Awareness\h\hx\h\hDirect Shots
=\h\hIsagi Yoichi's Formula for Goals
I took what I'd been doing by feel
and turned it into a formula.
It feels like my time as
Isagi Yoichi the striker begins now.
Oh. sorry. I didn't mean
to sound so full of myself.
I like that look on your face. Very egoistic!
Egoistic?
Get our blood pumping even more.
Isagi Yoichi the egoist.
Sure thing. Same to you.
Chop!
Ouch!
Did you just...
My dream...
Damn it. Damn it!
I nearly forgot. You're forced
to leave Blue Lock if you lose.
It's all over for them.
Congratulations on advancing.
It's been a while.
Niko.
Team Y
I survived. too.
As Team Y's top scorer.
Right. Congrats.
That game...
I lost because of your goal.
and it awakened me.
Instead of restraining myself
and passing to others.
I switched my style
and took shots myself.
Thanks to your goal.
I'm still here at Blue Lock.
I won't lose next time.
I'll be the one who crushes you.
I'm also here because you were there
at that moment in that game. Niko.
Bring it on anytime.
I'll beat you again next time.
Screw you.
You're getting popular. Isagi.
How many rivals is that now?
My goal put an end to someone's career.
But it also spurred on someone else.
I want to win more!
More and more!
Sorry for the wait.
We're back with the drinks.
Hm?
Give me the ball.
That night. we went to sleep
savoring the taste of victory.
Team Z advances to the second selection
Starting today. you will be
doing some physical conditioning.
For the duration of this training.
you are not allowed to kick a ball.
Huh?! We're not going straight
into the second selection?!
How long will this training take?
Yeah. We need to know.
Building 5 is the bottom of the pile. so don't
get cocky over surviving that tournament.
You'll train until I say stop.
you pieces of garbage.
What's that?
It's kind of neo-futuristic.
Those in the top buildings were
exempt from the first selection.
and did state-of-the-art training instead.
So you have to wait
until they've finished up.
Physical Conditioning
Day 1
Be grateful that we're giving
gangly. spineless nobodies like you
Endurance Run
2-hour
Sets
Ultra Core
Training
Sets
Weights
the stamina training you need. idiots.
Sprints
Understand that you're
the bottom of the bottom.
Sets
Meal Time
Physical Conditioning
Day 3
Eight more sprints...
Hey. are you okay. Isagi-kun?
Day 4
Day 5
Day 6
Day 7
Day 8
Day 9
Day 10
The first selection is now complete.
Those who have passed.
put on your training gear.
It's finally done.
Phew. finally!
and come to the central basement area
of your building immediately.
I repeat...
Took those bastards long enough.
If it'd taken a day longer.
I woulda trashed the whole damn place.
I'm with you. I'm gonna take away the status of
the higher-ranked players who've had it easy.
All right. Amen!
What's so great about being
ranked higher anyway. huh?
I finally get to touch the ball again.
The second selection starts now.
We're gonna win!
Let's go. you guys!
From here on out. we'll be fighting
against higher-ranked players.
But I'm not scared at all.
I'm excited to try out my skills!
Bring it on.
I'll crush 'em all!
They're from the other buildings.
Wait. don't they look kinda beat?
Huh?
Team W? Rank 237?
What?
And that's Team X over there?
What's going on?
Hello there. diamonds in the rough.
Good work on your physical conditioning.
If you're astute. you might
have already noticed.
There are no players from
Buildings 1. 2. 3. or 4 in here.
That's because only
Building 5 exists in Blue Lock.
What?
You all believed you were
the very bottom of the pile.
and battled through the first selection
filled with stupid desperation.
Seriously?! Screw you.
You put us through all that crazy
training! You tryin' to kill us?!
You lied to us?
Yup. that's right.
It was all a ruse I set up to destroy
your half-baked confidence.
and give you the hunger to
become the best in the world.
What the hell. man?!
Don't insult us!
We're not your toys!
Idiots.
I'm calling those sentiments half-baked.
Listen.
Let's take Noel Noa as an example.
He's currently considered
the best striker in the world.
but he grew up in a slum in France.
Surrounded by crime and poverty.
the only way to change
his fate was with a ball.
Soccer was literally his only option.
There are countless strikers with
similar stories all around the world.
Their hunger for goals is immeasurable.
Since you were all born and raised in Japan.
where losing doesn't affect your life.
you will never know the level of
hunger for goals these players have.
Blue Lock exists to give that to you.
In fact. you all came here wanting to kick
the butts of those ranked above you.
believing you could win. Am I right?
That hunger will become
the ego that changes the world.
I... I want to test myself right now!
We will begin Blue Lock's second selection.
The first selection was about finding
what it means to be a striker.
and turning zero into one.
From here on. it'll be a battle
of multiplying that one into 100
on this cutting-edge training field.
The second selection
consists of five stages.
You are here
Only those who clear a stage
get to move on to the next one.
And those who pass the second selection
will participate in a training camp with the
world's top players that I have handpicked.
Wow.
That's all I have for you.
When you are ready.
go through the gate one at a time.
One at a time?
Not together?
Naturally. the difficulty spike from
the last selection to this one is huge.
If you survived the last round because you
got lucky with teammates. prepare yourself.
In the second selection.
the trash will be sifted out first.
Only the true egoists will remain.
Best of luck to you.
From here on. we're fighting alone.
You can go first.
What? No way!
Everyone's hanging back.
Oh.
He's going.
What a clean kick into a high. gentle arc.
Now a low-arcing shot
with curve and spin?
What?
Is he for real?
Holy crap. He's amazing.
Open the door.
I'm done with my warm-up.
Itoshi Rin?
New Generation World's Best 11
Itoshi Sae (18)
Of the New Generation World's Best 11?
No. that's Itoshi Sae. isn't it?
Then. who the hell is this guy?
Is this place swarming with
unreal monsters like him?
Remember what happened against Team V.
We're also unreal. aren't we?
That's true.
My face block was unreal.
No. my shots were more unreal.
Nah. man. my dribbling
was even more unreal.
That's bull. If it weren't for my legs.
we would have lost.
Huh? It was because I had
the midfield locked down!
My defense was unreal. too!
I-I also did my bit defending
with that red card!
Yeah. no. That's a bit different.
I contributed. too. Like. a lot.
Don't forget my super save!
My goal was unreal.
I'm gonna be the best in the world.
We are unreal!
Let's meet again on the
other side of Blue Lock!
Yeah!
Thank you. you guys.
I got this far because of you.
From here on. I have to proceed alone.
But somehow. I'm excited.
This isn't the undefined
thrill I've felt up to now.
This is an exhilaration grounded in the
results of the games I've played so far.
This must be what "confidence" feels like.
Okay. let's see what's waiting for me.
At Blue Lock. I can grow even stronger.
A
Blue Lock. Additional Time.
Additional Time!
Blue Lock
Second Selection Rock-Paper-Scissors
Isagi went in first. Rock. paper.
scissors to choose who's next?
Bachira Meguru
Ooh. me! I wanna go next!
Raichi Jingo
Huh? Obviously. I will.
Igarashi Gurimu
No. me!
Gagamaru Gin
Me.
Kunigami Rensuke
I'll go next.
What about you. Chigiri?
Iemon
Okuhito
Chigiri
Hyoma
Me! Me! Me! Me!
The order we go in doesn't
change anything. right?
They might be evaluating how egoistic
you are at a moment like this.
You're locked off!
"Be an egoist in soccer and
rock. paper. scissors. Lock off!"
Imamura
Yudai
Naruhaya
Asahi
Imamura
Yudai
Naruhaya
Asahi
Your Ego impersonation is so bad.
Imamura
Yudai
Naruhaya
Asahi
Kuon
Wataru
Come on. Let's all do this together.
Rock. paper. scissors!
Oh. I won.
Then. I'll go first.
First
What the hell?!
Lock off!
Right. let's decide who's next.
Yay!
Second
Third
Nice.
Fourth
Second
Third
Later!
Fifth
Second
Third
Fourth
Oh. I won.
Sixth
Fourth
Third
Fifth
Seventh
Sixth
Eighth
Seventh
Ninth
Sixth
Seventh
Eighth
Bye!
What the hell?!
Tenth